a fog of tear gas around tul karam's
main hospital as Israeli forces disperse
crowds coming to see who is injured
Israel's Army says its forces were
conducting what it calls
counterterrorism activities in this
Palestinian refugee camp in the north of
the occupied West Bank it released a
video of a home where they say they
found explosives and gas
bottles soldiers blew up the
flat it's in the middle of the narrow
Alleyways of taram camp
the soldier told me not to speak they
cut off the electricity he was asking
about the resistance fighters in the
camp I told him that they didn't know
anything he told me that I am a liar and
that he was going to hit my sister with
the
rifle this was the second major raid
there's been in tol caram in a week it
shut down the city and its neighboring
refugee camp for 16 hours more than
90,000 people forced to hide
indoors there are Palestinian Fighters
living here these ones were killed in
previous
raids we're all wanted they destroyed
and bulldozed around here a few days ago
we said don't repair the streets because
we know that they'll return again
Israel's Army deliberately destroys
infrastructure it's part punishment part
attempt to turn the locals against the
fighters it doesn't seem to work this is
a very clear example of collective
punishment this road and the water M had
just been repaired after a previous
Israel raid less than a week ago while
Israeli military bulldozers have dug it
up
again while military raids have long
been a fact of life in the occupied West
Bank there have been many more since
October the 7th an average of 40 a day
Israel is increasing the pressure here
while attention is focused on Gaza
Bernard Smith Al jazer tol
[Music]
Cara make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer